Business says you say less
Boy I tell you
Although you have an engagement with us Siyao
But that doesn't mean you can marry Siyao
Our Wu family refers to hundreds of millions.
There's not a million identities.
They don't deserve to marry our Wu family at all
I'll just say one more thing.
You better be self-aware.
Otherwise, a grandma Dong will come and embarrass you.
If I were worth a billion
How many are qualified to marry Private Yao?
10 billion hahaha
Are you crazy about money?
Do you know what a billion is?
Ah, just your street stall
Let me see.
This one doesn't add up to 100 yuan, right?
What else is there to talk about 10 billion?
Are you crazy about money? You are Siyao.
This person is not someone you rent from a mental hospital
Let's be your fiancé
Hahaha, just laugh
A group of frogs in a well
Don't say another word.
By the way, since you are Ciyao's fiancé
Then you are going to see grandma today.
Then let me ask you
Have you prepared any gifts for grandma?
Certainly.
This is my gift to my grandmother
What kind of rubbish is this?